1. Need to send mails to all my contacts in narun.iitb@gmail.com about chess99.com
2. Regular messages on whatsapp groups.- Need to automate and need to see how can I do it
3. Updates to be sent on facebook and linkedin contacts
4. newspaper advertisement, youtube video ad, interview with prominent youtubers on this and endorsements with prominent peopl in Telangana and AP
5. Structural changes (high priotrity)
    - I have Blade credentials in Sambandhalu. Need 3 plans for Chess99- Free and other premium plans 99 per month/ 999 per year and 499 per month and 4999 per year.
    - For schools- school managment can share a link in thier school groups. the users register from those links should be linked to that shool name. I should have admin page and from it i can make scholl admins who can manage and see thier children performances. and they can create conferences for only their students. What structural changes I need from ths (High priority). Not only schools but some oganizations also will be there. for example Thogata organization- has Palnadu chapter, Hyderabad chapter etc. And Schools too Narayana group of Schools- Vanasthalipuram chapter, Hyderabad chapter etc. And some user can affiliate to more than one organizations. Thagata, Narayana School, Satyasagar colony etc. For this I need a concrete plan. While constructing a tournament/championship they can allow some organizations, place etc. or keep general. So users with so and so affiliations only can see notifications about that championship and can able to register. (we need to build notification system too)

    - Issue 1: Now initially there are few to none the online users. This is handicapping the ability to play with online users
    - Issue 2: if whem many peopl are there, then there will be many online users and people will find problematic to find their friends to play with. Also it is many clicks away to play with a friend and if no friend is there online he cannot play
    I propose two solutions: If online users are absent there should be two synthetic online players (we need to simulate- with auto selection of computer level and rating -close to user rating) so users won't be disappointed
    There should be single button for play with an online user- no need for users to see. If users want to navigate online users we should have a page to select. otherwise by default users will only need to see play with online users and play with friend online- By clicking those users will get first to play with their friend first if no one is there they will fall to any online user if no online free players (because few onlin eplayers might have engaged in play with other users) then fall to synthetic (shown as real user but either made with computer play or AI generated - for paid users)
6. Share: presently I kept to share a win or lose card. But it is not sending link to see game (whatsapp, facebook or anything). Can we make users able to send the game too (by opening the link viewers can see animated play- as we have kept in review for user)

